about.md, before:

# About

This is a retro site, which aims to conserve the content of a programming group which worked at the year 1997. The group developed games in TurboPascal 7 (DOS games).

The reason for this group, was to fill a gap we found on the net back then: We saw a lot of site teaching how to code basic applications in Pascal, but not about game programming. We decided to start one.

The code here is provided as is, we will not accept pull requsts for fixing bugs, or refactoring. Think of this, as a museum. 

Code should run on original HW, but emulation is the main way code is tested on emulators. Please read the [emulation page](emulator.html). 

We try to keep this site... nostalgic. It looks dates on purpose. But should also look great(ish...) on mobile as the world browses on mobile.

## Original text

This is a story about three man. Ariel came first with a XT.
Then came Iftah with 386 (by that time Ariel had a 486 and Diego had no
computer). Then came Diego with a 486. Once upon a time, our three genius
minds met in an unknown Israeli highschool named <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/19990203132822/http://horovitz.ort.org.il/">Ort
Horovitz.</a> 

There we learned Pascal and started to make our first program- EQS : Equation Solver. Our school computer education was idiotic. So
we began learning street-programming (BBS's, friends and books) by ourselves.
The competition was hard, survivol was even harder.&nbsp;We fought side
to side against our parents and brothers. <b>We Have no official computer
education</b> but we still are great programmers. 

[[Game sources](index.html)] - [[Programming](programming.html)] - [[About](about.html)] - [[Emulation](emulation.html)]

Commit message:

Lets add a github link to all pages

about.md, after:

# About

This is a retro site, which aims to conserve the content of a programming group which worked at the year 1997. The group developed games in TurboPascal 7 (DOS games).

The reason for this group, was to fill a gap we found on the net back then: We saw a lot of site teaching how to code basic applications in Pascal, but not about game programming. We decided to start one.

The code here is provided as is, we will not accept pull requsts for fixing bugs, or refactoring. Think of this, as a museum. 

Code should run on original HW, but emulation is the main way code is tested on emulators. Please read the [emulation page](emulator.html). 

We try to keep this site... nostalgic. It looks dates on purpose. But should also look great(ish...) on mobile as the world browses on mobile.

For any question - feel free to contact us: darkclouddos@gmail.com

---
## Original text

This is a story about three man. Ariel came first with a XT.
Then came Iftah with 386 (by that time Ariel had a 486 and Diego had no
computer). Then came Diego with a 486. Once upon a time, our three genius
minds met in an unknown Israeli highschool named <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/19990203132822/http://horovitz.ort.org.il/">Ort
Horovitz.</a> 

There we learned Pascal and started to make our first program- EQS : Equation Solver. Our school computer education was idiotic. So
we began learning street-programming (BBS's, friends and books) by ourselves.
The competition was hard, survivol was even harder.&nbsp;We fought side
to side against our parents and brothers. <b>We Have no official computer
education</b> but we still are great programmers. 

---
[[Game sources](index.html)] - [[Programming](programming.html)] - [[About](about.html)] - [[Emulation](emulation.html)] - hosted in [Github](https://github.com/DarkCloudDOS) !
